# ClunkyBungee

ClunkyBungee is a working fork of <a href="https://github.com/lucko/BungeeGuard" a>**BungeeGuard**</a> it does the same and works on all versions. Currently BungeeGuard isn't working for many people and we thought let's fix this and give it another name.

## The problem
BungeeCord installations are **insecure by default**, and require additinal firewall rules to be configured (using iptables or otherwise) to prevent malicious users from bypassing the proxy and connecting using any uuid/username they choose.

This is a **well-known issue**, and over the year many (even large) servers have been succesfully targeted using this attack.

### The ClunkyBungee solution

Server admins install ClunkyBungee on their proxies and backend servers.

- On the **proxy**, ClunkyBungee adds a secret "authentication token" to the login handshake.
- On the **backend** (Spigot etc server), ClunkyBungee checks login handshake to ensure they contain an allowed authentication token.

It's really simple.

## Installation

**Proxy Installation** (Bungeecord etc.)
1. Ensure `ip_forward` is set to `true` in your proxy's `config.yml`.
2. Add `ClunkyBungee.jar` to the plugins folder. Then restart the proxy. If you have multiple proxies in your network, do this for each of them.
3. Navigate to `/plugins/ClunkyBungee/token.yml` and make a not of the token.

**Backend Installation** (Spigot etc.)
1. Ensure you have **ProtocolLib** installed on your server.
2. Ensure the `bungeecord` setting is set to `true` in `spigot.yml`.
3. Add `ClunkyBungee.jar` to the plugins folder. Then restart the server.
4. Navigate to `/plugins/ClunkyBungee/config.yml`. Add the token(s) generated by the proxy(ies) to the `ALLOWED_TOKENS` list.
5. Run `clunkybungee reload` from your console.

Now you have succesfully installed `ClunkyBungee`!

## License

ClunkyBungee is licensed under the permissive MIT license.
